hey guys
in this video I'm gonna show you how to
do makeup for a casting it's supposed to
be very natural when you go to a casting
the client wants to see your natural
beauty but this doesn't mean you can't
help nature a little bit so that's what
I'm gonna show you in this video it's
mainly about mattifying and hiding
little flaws and bringing out your best
features this is the end result and in
the next shot you will see me without
makeup and I will start from there first
I'm gonna use a creamy concealer to
cover up some discoloration I find a
creamy texture concealer very
pleasurable as it doesn't dry out
doesn't crease and has a great ability
to cover up blemishes Beach is the
complementary color of blue which makes
it the best choice to correct blue on
their eye shades I first applied a
concealer with a pencil I then even out
the concealer with a sponge and make
sure it's blends well with my own skin
tone to cover other discolorations and
to bring for the certain parts in my
face I use a lighter shade yellow cream
concealer I use it on my eyelids in the
corner of my eyes brow bone and
cheekbones
I also used the yellow cream concealer
to cover up blemishes on my chin and
around my nose again I use this punch to
even add to concealer and blend it with
my own skin tone
now it's time to mattify this is English
new meta fine powder it is used a lot by
models actors stage performers and
sports performers it perfectly keeps the
shine away and doesn't leave you with a
gray finish even if you would apply a
thick layer apply the powder with a
brush pay extra attention to your
forehead nose and chin the next step is
to highlight certain parts of your face
for instance your brow bones and your
cheek bones I highlight these areas with
a white matte eyeshadow from a freedom
system that's a palette of colors that
you can pick and compose yourself on my
eyelids I use a very natural color I
applied white matte eyeshadow on the
inner corner of my eyes and on my
eyelids I apply the grey liver color I
also apply this underneath my eyes this
suits people with bulging or big eyes
perfectly if you have deep eyes or
somewhat small eyes it's better to leave
this area nude these also counts for the
upper eyelids by the way
if you have big eyelids like me apply a
little bit more of the mid-tone on your
whole eyelid now I'm gonna give my eyes
a little bit more depth I do so by
accentuating my crease with a brown
matte shadow by the way if you are
wondering if these colors will suit you
as well as these colors are very natural
in most cases they will these natural
colors suit any kind of eyes green eyes
blue eyes gray eyes brown eyes
they even suit any kind of skin color if
your skin tone is a bit darker you can
opt for darker natural colors just
remember it's not a purpose of this
makeup that people see you are actually
wearing makeup all right
the shadow in my crease is even out you
can hardly see I am wearing makeup now
the next step my cheekbones I use a
peachy pink colored matte blush number
apply the brush with a soft brush on
your cheekbones place it on top of your
cheekbones and not too low this way you
will keep the blush fresh as you can see
I move my brush up in a somewhat
circling motion and slightly touch my
temples after that I clean my brush on
the back of my hand and even up my blush
we liquor you this step is completely
optional but as I have very blonde
eyelashes I prefer using it anyway now
watch carefully to make it hardly
noticeable I am wearing an eyeliner I
applied right on the influence of my
lashes on the inside of my upper eyelid
again this step is optional but as my
lashes are very blond I like to give
them a little bit more definition I use
a brown eyeliner for this you see
nothing to see from the upside
the next step is to apply mascara it
depends on what kind of casting am going
to whether I apply mascara or not but I
chose to apply mascara for this video my
lashes are quite long and accentuate
them with false lash effect mascara by
England
especially if you have dark lashes one
layer of mascara will be enough for my
lips I use a lip defense treatment in
number two by Inglot
as a last step I use the brown eyeliner
on my waterline this will give my eyes a
little bit more definition while keeping
things natural again if you have very
small eyes it's better to leave your
waterline clean so this is the end
result as you can see it's very natural
and very clean and you can hardly see I
am wearing makeup but I am wearing
makeup it's very important that you also
bring your mattifying powder to the
casting this one so right before you go
into the casting you will apply a little
bit more of it on your forehead
especially your nose and your chin
because you don't want to be in a
picture with this big white square your
forehead so this powder is very great
it's stage sport for stage sport and
Cydia so I think it's a must-have for
models for the castings if you want to
see the fullness of the products that
I've used you can read it on my blog or
URL to my blog is in the description of
this video so check it out I hope you
like this video don't forget to put your
thumbs up press the button down here and
subscribe to my channel if you like this
video thank you for watching have a
great day
you